GPS trackers steering wheel locks and
other anti-theft items are well known
from anyone who has a car and plans on
keeping it that way but besides those
there are plenty of other ways to keep
your vehicle safe from thieves keep
watching because you'll want to know
this don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and ring the bell to hang out
here on the bright side 13 keep your
keys wrapped in foil car thieves are
pretty savvy these days even if your car
is parked in your garage or outside some
building they can use a special radio
device to intercept the signal from your
key fob to protect your keys from these
relay attacks use something metallic
since the metal block signals so instead
of hanging keys near the front door it's
better to wrap them in foil or put them
in a fridge or microwave you can also
get a protective Faraday wallet for your
key fob mark the glass the windshield
windows and mirrors can be marked with a
vehicle's identification number or VIN
this service doesn't cost much and it
reduces the risk of theft significantly
the criminal will have to spend time and
money to change the March glass and this
makes the theft less profitable and not
even worth the hassle 11 keep your car
in the best condition while it might
sound weird to make your car look better
to prevent it from being stolen it all
has to do with the broken windows theory
it says that one crime encourages others
like seeing one broken window in some
old abandoned building makes people want
to break more of them since no one cares
when prospective criminals see your car
is well cared for they'll assume you
must have a good alarm system and ways
to find your vehicle
10 put a baby monitor in the car hey
your car is your baby right a baby
monitor makes a great anti-theft device
because you'll be able to hear
everything that's happening in your car
criminals won't be able to open the door
and start the engine without attracting
attention not to mention the mere
presence of a visible camera can scare
thieves away from the get-go you can
also send them running by installing a
really loud car alarm that reacts to the
slightest motion I'm sure your neighbors
will love that 9 hide your old phone in
the car if you know you'll have to leave
your car in an unfamiliar place hide an
old switched-on phone or tablet in it
just remember to synchronize it with
your Google account in advance you can
then use the Find My Phone feature from
your computer or current phone to track
your vehicle's location it'll do it in
less than a minute provided the tablet
or phone is connected to the Internet
8 keep your wheels turned toward the
curb when parked police officers
recommend turning the wheels toward the
curb whenever you park your car because
it means that the thief will have to
make additional maneuvers in order to
steal the car this will take up time
that they don't have so they won't be as
interested in your car
seven take the steering wheel with you
this is especially useful if you're
parking for a long time in an area you
don't trust a quick release hub will let
you take the steering wheel with you
when you leave the vehicle and these
won't be able to get far without it six
use a club no it's not for attacking car
thieves this club is a giant metal bar
you put on the steering wheel that
prevents it from moving it's a really
effective thief repellent because one
look at that thing on the wheel they'll
know that this car isn't going with them
anywhere five pull the plug if you don't
feel like spending a bunch of money on
car security try a quick tug on the
spark plug a car won't start without a
spark on the cylinder this is especially
useful in urban areas because the
thieves there can't really look under
the hood to see what's going on without
attracting attention and wasting time
note that this trick won't work on a car
that has a coil plug so you'll have to
break out an entire toolkit which is
probably not what you wanted to do for
remember the typical car theft schemes
while some thieves just come after your
car when you've left it parked somewhere
others get a lot more creative one
popular technique they'll use is a minor
fender bender the point is to distract
the driver and steal the car when the
owner gets out to look at the damage so
if you bump into somebody's car or
someone slightly bumps into yours you
should take the right steps roll up the
windows lock the doors and call the
police don't leave the car doors wide
open and try to keep a cool head there
are plenty of other ways thieves use
distraction to steal a car from right
under your nose a piece of paper stuck
to the back window a plastic bottle
jammed into the wheel or a piece of
clothing on the hood
are all small things that can entice the
driver to get out of the car these
things can also be used against you when
a criminal pretends to help you out with
them for example they may stop to show
you that there's something under the car
and use this chance to steal your
vehicle 3 watch where you park park in
areas that are well-lit and preferably
have security cameras such as building
entrances and parking lots an isolated
spot isn't a good choice because it not
only puts your car at a risk of theft
but your personal safety as well and
never leave the car with the engine
running even if you're just popping in
to the store real quick whenever you get
out of the driver's seat roll up any
windows turn off the ignition and lock
the doors to use several anti-theft
items at once if you make use of an
obvious anti-theft item like a steering
wheel lock you should still install a
GPS tracker in an unusual place all this
might seem a little over the top but it
gives the thief a false sense of
security that is after overcoming one
obstacle say somehow getting that Club
off the steering wheel they probably
won't be looking for other prospective
items in the car there are known cases
when this has really helped one car was
found and returned to the owner within
24 hours one don't make things easy for
the car thief
according to crime statistics cars are
most often stolen from public parking
lots gas stations or near ATMs so police
officers recommend the following look
inside and under the car before getting
in it don't travel alone especially at
night trust your instincts if your gut
is telling you that something's wrong
leave drive in one of the middle lanes
if you see a suspicious looking person
coming toward you drive away carefully
don't stop to help strangers if you do
stop leave room for maneuvering and now
it's time for a bonus tip how to tell if
someone is planning to steal your car
one you get strange calls if you get a
call from a company that has supposedly
installed the alarm system locks or
something else in your car never answer
the questions about safety they might
ask you about the type of system as well
as its advantages and disadvantages to
your key fob isn't working right if
you're having trouble locking the car
with the fob there's a chance that
someone is trying to intercept the
signal especially if you're in a public
area the best option is to leave this
place immediately three you left your
car locked in the evening but it's
unlocked in the morning transcoding the
alarm won't help if possible setup video
surveillance or install something that
won't allow the potential thief to drive
away in your car like a steering wheel
club for someone keeps asking for your
help asking for help is one of the
easiest ways to get the driver out of
the car but don't judge the person by
their appearance it can be a well
dressed person that needs help with
their kids or someone dressed like a
security guard don't open your window
more than one inch and never leave the
car no matter what happens your safety
is priority number one
have you or anyone you know ever been in
a suspicious situation involving a car
please share your experience in the
comments below don't forget to give this
video a like
share with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you